c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.View.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.View.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Business.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.MVVM.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Business.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.MVVM.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.DataLayer.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Entities.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.DataLayer.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\lucas.duarte\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.View.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.View.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Business.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.MVVM.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.DataLayer.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Entities.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Business.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.MVVM.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.DataLayer.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\bin\HBATools.Congresso.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Congresso.View\obj\Debug\HBATools.Congresso.View.pdb
