c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll.config
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.pdb
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\lucas.duarte\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\lucas.duarte\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\lucas.duarte\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll.config
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.pdb
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\jhonatan.galdino\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\HBATools.Congresso.View\HBATools.Helpers\obj\Debug\HBATools.Helpers.pdb
